Guard Testimony - Perspective of Guard E

Hey there, folks! Guard E here, sharing my side of the wild ride we had with Milton Manastorm, that ambassador, and that shiny object we were supposed to protect. Now, I gotta admit, I'm not much of a talker like some of the other guards, but I'll do my best to recall what went down. Just bear with me, alright?

So, before we set off on our little adventure, the ambassador warned us about Milton, saying he might not be all that trustworthy. But, you know, we had a job to do, so we stuck together and hit the road. Throughout the journey, Milton seemed to know the lay of the land like the back of his hand. It was like he had this secret map etched in his brain or somethin', helpin' us dodge all sorts of trouble. Made me wonder if he had some hidden tricks up his sleeve, ya know?

Now, when that big ugly beast showed up, things got real hairy. I mean, this thing had two heads—picture this: one head with a glowing eye, like a freakin' lantern, and the other with teeth that could tear through steel. It blended in with the shadows and looked like it was fused with the ground itself. Talk about a nightmare!

We fought tooth and nail against that monstrosity, trying to keep ourselves alive. In the midst of all the chaos, Milton whipped out this fancy device, all shiny and magical. I didn't pay much attention to the specifics, 'cause I had my hands full tryin' not to get eaten alive. But I did see him toss the ambassador, who was somehow a tiny chicken at that point, into that gadget. It let out this burst of energy that hit the beast and messed with the dang mist hangin' around.

Now, I can't tell you exactly what Milton muttered when he peered into that contraption, but I caught a glimpse of his face, and it looked like he had messed up big time. He seemed real worried, like he knew somethin' went wrong. Right after that, the mist started to fade away, and the beast, well, it turned into a freakin' stone statue! It was like somethin' out of a twisted fairy tale.

Poor Milton took a blow that knocked him right out, and the rest of us managed to finish off that stone creature. But here's the kicker: when we looked around, both the ambassador and that precious shiny object were gone, vanished into thin air. That's when we had to take matters into our own hands and bring Milton back to face the music, 'cause he was the only one who had answers, or so we thought.

So there you have it, my account of what happened during that crazy journey. I might not have all the fancy words like some of the other guards, but I'm telling you what I saw. Milton's actions and that whole device thing sure raised some eyebrows, and with the ambassador and the shiny thing disappearing like that, it's hard not to suspect foul play. But hey, I'm just a simple guard, doin' my best to piece together this puzzle of a story.

Hope this testimony adds somethin' to the mix, and we can figure out the truth behind all this madness.
